broadcast live Sunday edition
America accepted unsuccessful periods of life
call black so here's the departing week
turned black for american
agricultural producers prices for meat
products collapsed immediately after entering
Russian response to American
sanctions especially suffered
American chicken producer
which now seems like a million
their profits from deliveries to Russia legs
bush anxiety in major american
corporations such as boeing here
rushing off-schedule to buy Russian
titanium for the construction of aircraft
and then suddenly what business is it states
It requires explanation from the White House and
the answer hears the revelations of jen psaki and
Marie Harf State Department Representatives
clearly having very remote
ideas about the intricacies of the world
of the economy
Report of our American Sobkor
Valentin Bogdanov at the State Department Speaker
Mari Harf is not always good with
world politics agriculture
not her horse
when russia responded to american
sanctions urgently needed not to go
got the moment we study
this solution is how it
reflect on us business but for example
undoubtedly adversely affect itself
We believe that the Russian economy
one possible scenario would be growth
already high inflation
undermining purchasing power
Russian citizens so if these
sanctions were intended to
somehow harm us they hurt more
Russia about Europeans damage which the United States
actually and pulled into a joint
sanction hike harp delicately
Keep silent about the logic of Washington
restrictions against the EU is even
not bad with them a common market
one step closer to the free zone
trade across the atlantic
but what's on the other side of it
freedom those who trade themselves understand
quite differently Russia is not going to
surrender in this new cold war and
it can also hurt financial
interests of the other side that's why
United States Chamber of Commerce and National
association of industrialists the two most
big lobbying groups you bought
pages of the largest newspapers in the us
place a call to lift sanctions bye
in the white house congress are read
make sense and maybe think better
manufacturers of the same American
chickens will forget those 306
millions of dollars that came out in 2013
on the export of bush legs to Russia figures
this year will stop on indicators
beginning of August is no longer
there will be a knife and bush name at all
1990 appeared when Gorbachev and
elder bush sign merchant
supply agreement back in ussr
frozen chicken legs from all
will take the dashing nineties butchered
American chicken seems the most
long-lived long gone to rest
VCRs sorrow the pager on
demolished crimson jackets and pink
leggings bush legs are leaving just now
chicken times albi finnish
sells on Sundays in the county
the town of kingston across the ocean before
there was no get over the market kept
giants
well russell seeing the news behind
worried about how global
economy is in the know now every farmer
if you hit hard on its foundation
cracks will run all over the building
was elected we will lose business growth
stop so limit the amount
the fact that we can sell though than
more we can sell to people for
outside the country the better the market is now
and so is not very stable
condition
the alarm bell sounded lightning fast
thursday cattle prices and
pork in the usa went down the newspaper
washington post paints a picture
last year's well-being almost all
American positions
agricultural exports
Russian sanctions to multiply the former
revenue at zero and m project effect from
Santa for farmers exporting their
products to Russia will be
immediate because just
now the farmer sows what
they planned to export
if they can't really leave their
harvest will have
sell your products
semi fresh look that sanctions touch and
now not only rural
American weapons dealers
stopped taking orders for cult
in the usa saiga hunting rifles and
Kalashnikov rifles Russian concern
hit the stop list of American Treasury
Kalashnikov with his worldwide popularity
in markets but will the company or
double you si
now it only remains to sell off
later warehouse we deeply regret
about current circumstances but we must
obey us laws worry and
much bigger business in the airline
united puzzle where in case
ban on flights to redirect profitable
in terms of fuel economy
transsiberian routes and this with
that the question is how to fly though not immediately
can be replaced by questions than titanium
for the modern aviation industry such
same winged metal cafe aluminum from it
for example, make landing gear
Boeing Russia in this market is the main
supplier third of world volume since March
months at the Boeing factory actively
stockpiled for the future accumulated enough for
8 months and what's next possible
impact of the Ukrainian crisis on
titanium supply chain even more
complicated by the fact that Ukraine
supplies almost all enrichment product
ores necessary for spring
pure titanium production bye
supplies of titanium from Ukraine to Russia are not
interrupted amid the worldwide alarms
the scale is lost those that are smaller and that
such losses Californian pistachios
comparing billions in losses
European farmers or headache
Boeing but American nuts in Russia
now also banned for a hundred
seventy three million dollars
their export is reduced by one advertisement
pistachio trading engine
do not restart real pistachio
Now she as a policy if separated
the excess shell we get a pure nutlet
it would be great to write this down but
booze these nuts with the help of Ukrainian
crisis staged a test of strength
all world security and here's why
all this should lead what is the final
result
let's imagine that sanctions are fine
work and what the Russians will eventually say
seize Ukraine do what you want
put your rockets right by our
the border
take Ukraine in nato ah sanctions kill
we are not, of course, mean sanctions will be all
stronger and stronger all that sanctions do
they create even more hatred and
more problems of economic and
geopolitical sanctions oppose
the peace process but who is not in the united
states does not speak of NATO and not least
give talk about him even you he during
Security Council last meeting on
Russian offer to ship
humanitarian assistance in the Donbass ambassador
Usa Samantha Power will answer
treat it as an invasion for
power started to reporters in
set on fire by Yugoslavia humanitarian
probably it remained only
bombing Valentin Bogdanov Viktor
Cossacks
lead from new york